RELEASE.md: Clarify when not to release (#622)
cargo-public-api/cargo-public-api: docs/RELEASE.md

  rm cargo-public-api/MINIMUM_NIGHTLY_RUST_VERSION_FOR_TESTS
  ```

### When not to release

> * If a package (e.g. `rustup-toolchain`, `rustdoc-json`, etc) has had no semver breaking updates to any regular `dependencies` (i.e. we disregard `dev-dependencies`) since the last release, then we don't need to make a new release of that package. Because there are no techinical reasons to do it. On the contrary, it creates unnecessary churn for downstream users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If a package (e.g. `rustup-toolchain`, `rustdoc-json`, etc) has had no semver breaking updates to any regular `dependencies` (i.e. we disregard `dev-dependencies` changes in Cargo.toml files) since the last release, then we don't need to make a new release of that package. Because there are no technical reasons to do it. On the contrary, it creates unnecessary churn for downstream users.
```

## How to release

> ### `cargo-public-api`

Reviewer: While your are making changes to this file, in this section (`cargo-public-api`), the 4th bullet reads:
```
1. For each PR included in the release, adjust its `[category-*]` according to [release.yml](https://github.com/cargo-public-api/cargo-public-api/blob/main/.github/release.yml) and tweak the PR title if necessary to turn it into good release note entry.
```
Suggestion to change to:
```
1. For each PR included in the release, adjust its `[category-*]` according to [release.yml](https://github.com/cargo-public-api/cargo-public-api/blob/main/.github/release.yml) by adding or changing the label associated with the PR. Also tweak the PR title if necessary to turn it into good release note entry.
```

Note: I am not able to change the labels on a PR, so this may need to updated to indicate that only Maintainers can do this step.

Author: Marking as resolved since I removed this text was removed in https://github.com/cargo-public-api/cargo-public-api/pull/644
